pythonmclibrary/README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]


<!--suppress ALL -->

<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC">
    <!--suppress CheckImageSize, CheckImageSize -->
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC/master/images/logo.png" alt="PythonMC Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">PythonMC</h3>

  <p align="center">
    PythonMC is a Fabric mod that allows datapacks to be written in Python. Minecraft datapacks have some big limitations but, PythonMC has very little. Like for loops, functions, if statements, and modules. 
    <br />
    <a href="https://RevolvingMadness.github.io/PythonMC"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Usage

If you want to know how to use PythonMC refer to the [documentation](https://RevolvingMadness.github.io/PythonMC)

_For more examples, please refer to the **[Documentation](https://example.com)**_

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Roadmap

**???**

See the **[open issues](https://github.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC/issues)** for a full list of proposed features (and
known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any
contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also
simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Contact

Project Link: **[https://github.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC](https://github.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC)**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->

[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC.svg?style=for-the-badge

[contributors-url]: https://github.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC/graphs/contributors

[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC.svg?style=for-the-badge

[forks-url]: https://github.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC/network/members

[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC.svg?style=for-the-badge

[stars-url]: https://github.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC/stargazers

[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC.svg?style=for-the-badge

[issues-url]: https://github.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC/issues

[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC.svg?style=for-the-badge

[license-url]: https://github.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC/blob/master/LICENSE.txt

[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555

[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/linkedin_username

[fabricmc.net]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Fabric%20-1.19.4%20-blue?style=for-the-badge

[Fabric-url]: https://fabricmc.net

Commit message:

Break the pythonmc library into multiple files

pythonmclibrary/README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]


<!--suppress ALL -->

<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC">
    <!--suppress CheckImageSize, CheckImageSize -->
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC/master/images/logo.png" alt="PythonMC Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">PythonMC</h3>

  <p align="center">
    PythonMC is a Fabric mod that allows datapacks to be written in Python. Minecraft datapacks have some big limitations but, PythonMC has very little. Like for loops, functions, if statements, and modules. 
    <br />
    <a href="https://RevolvingMadness.github.io/PythonMC"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

You need Python to use PythonMC, You can get it [here](https://www.python.org).  
**MAKE SURE TO CHECK THIS BOX OTHERWISE PYTHONMC WON'T WORK:**  
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC/master/images/addtoenvironmentvariables.png)

### Installation

1. Install Python packages
   ```sh
   pip install jep pythonmc
   ```
    - We need `jep` because that is how the mod interacts with Python.
    - We need `pythonmc` because that provides syntax highlighting.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Usage

If you want to know how to use PythonMC, refer to the **[documentation](https://RevolvingMadness.github.io/PythonMC)**

For examples, please refer to the **[examples](https://RevolvingMadness.github.io/PythonMC/examples)**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Roadmap

Whatever you suggest.

See the **[open issues](https://github.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC/issues)** for a full list of proposed features (and
known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any
contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also
simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Contact

Project Link: **[https://github.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC](https://github.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC)**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->

[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC.svg?style=for-the-badge

[contributors-url]: https://github.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC/graphs/contributors

[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC.svg?style=for-the-badge

[forks-url]: https://github.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC/network/members

[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC.svg?style=for-the-badge

[stars-url]: https://github.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC/stargazers

[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC.svg?style=for-the-badge

[issues-url]: https://github.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC/issues

[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC.svg?style=for-the-badge

[license-url]: https://github.com/RevolvingMadness/PythonMC/blob/master/LICENSE.txt

[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555

[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/linkedin_username

[product-screenshot]: ../images/screenshot.png

[fabricmc.net]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Fabric%20-1.19.4%20-blue?style=for-the-badge

[Fabric-url]: https://fabricmc.net
